mature male fruit bats have territories
in the roost in trees branches that they
mark with scent and defend against other
male's the females decide were to roost
and who to mate with
the males are remarkably well endowed
each morning the mail checks out all the
females roosting on his branch courtship
can be lengthy and intense 20 minutes of
deep grooming licking the females nether
parts with a long rough and tongue
perhaps to arouse her or perhaps to
remove any rival male sperm
nating is vigorous noisy and repetitive
that may have looked violin but the
female can always let go of the branch
and fly off if she's had enough